feat: Add External Captain's Log Config (#55)
target/captains-log: docs/configuration/README.md

# Configuration

> There are two options for configuration:

Reviewer: Can we call out somewhere that both can be used and will be merged?  Also, if something is specified in both which takes precedence?

Author: Yes, I am not sure why I forgot to include this. Good call out 👍

### Example

> #### drone.yml

Reviewer: `.drone.yml`

github_tag_id: 'v([0-9]+-release)$'
enterprise_host: https://git.myteam.com
jira_team_domain: myteamnamespace
teams: ...
```

#### captains.yml

```yaml
image: target/captains-log:1
pull: true
github_token: <token>
slack_url: <slack_url>
github_owner: target
github_repo: captains-log
github_tag_id: 'v([0-9]+-release)$'
enterprise_host: https://git.myteam.com
jira_team_domain: myteamnamespace
teams: ...
```

> **NOTE**: All though you _can_ provide your `github_token` and/or `slack_token/url` (which can _ease_ testing locally), it is advised that you do **NOT** check these tokens into source control. You should always use secrets where applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Although you _can_ provide your `github_token` and/or `slack_token/url` (which can _ease_ testing locally), it is advised that you do **NOT** check these tokens into source control. You should always use secrets where applicable.
```
